Computing devices: 
                By hosting and running the applications installed on them.

Applications:
              Applicationsare are nothing but softwares that are written to perform certain tasks.
Software:
          Software here simply to a set of files that contains numeous prgs.

Program:
        It is a set of instructions that the application executed on the Computing devices.
        Programming is the ability to write a set of instructions that can be executed when required.






Introduction:

Express:
        A frameworkfor building web servers in node.js

Routes:
       To create a route, you use the app.get(), app.post(), app.put(), app.delete() methods, depending on the HTTP request type (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE).



SERVER CODE Explanation::

Step-by-Step Explanation:
Import Express:

            const express = require('express');
            This line loads the Express framework into your program. Think of Express as a tool that helps you easily build a web server.
 
Create the Express Application:

            const app = express();
            This creates a web application using Express, and the app variable will hold all the logic of our server (such as handling requests, sending responses, etc.).           
              

Start the Server:

              app.listen(5000, () => console.log('Server is running on port 5000'));
              app.listen(5000) makes the server listen for incoming requests on port 5000 (which is like a specific "channel" on your computer).
              Once the server is up and running, the message "Server is running on port 5000" is shown in the console to let you know everything is working.


GET Route (/test):

              When someone visits /test (e.g., http://localhost:5000/test), the server will send back "Hello World".

Middleware (express.json()):

               This part helps the server understand and handle JSON data sent in a POST request. It allows the server to read data that comes in as JSON (like user information).

POST Route (/api/test):

               When a client (like a user or another program) sends some data to /api/test (e.g., a form or an API request), the server will:
               Log the data in the console.
               Send a response back to the client, saying "Data received" and show the same data it just received.


    
                   